#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass report
\use_default_options true
\master thesis_master.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans helvet
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family sfdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 2cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Nuclear structure
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gross nuclear structure, description of sub-compartments, leading on to
 chromosome territories.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Transcription factories
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Transcription factories in detail as distinct sub-compartments.
 Transcription takes place in transcription factories.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Chromosomal translocations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Basics of HR, SSA and NHEJ.
 Contact first / breakage first models.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Hypothesis and aim of thesis
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Talk about the why of translocations - specificity and frequency of certain
 translocations means that partner selection can't be completely random.
 Hypothesis and aims: that specific gene pairs are predisposed to chromosomal
 translocations because they are co-localising at transcription factories.
 Aims of the project are to investigate the genome-wide association networks
 of specific oncogenes and see if gene pair co-localisation frequency matches
 up with gene-pair translocation frequency.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
